ingest-log4j-vulns/README.md, before:

# JupiterOne - Script to Ingest Log4J Vulnerabilities

This automation example ingests the output of [log4shell_sentinel][1], a
cross-platform tool that scans local filesystems and emits CSV output. This
ingestion script is intended for distribution/deployment to all hosts in your
environment that you would like to scan and remediate for log4j vulnerabilities.

## Dependencies / Installation

You will need to:
1. Clone this repo, containing the shell and Node scripts in this example
2. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
3. Install an [OS/arch-appropriate binary of log4shell_sentinel][2] on each target
host.

The ingestion script assumes `log4shell_sentinel` is available locally, and is
in your system's `$PATH`.

You will need to export the following ENV vars for ingestion:

* `J1_ACCOUNT`
* `J1_ACCESS_TOKEN`

## Usage

`sudo ./scan-for-log4j.sh`  - by default, scan the entire filesystem, including container images (recommended)

`./scan-for-log4j.sh ./some/target/path`  - scan only target path, additionally do not use superuser privs

### Usage with Docker

`docker run -v /target/file/path:/scan -e J1_ACCOUNT="$J1_ACCOUNT" -e J1_ACCESS_TOKEN="$J1_ACCESS_TOKEN" --rm jupiterone/ingest-log4j-vulns`

Use `-v /:/scan` to scan entire filesystem.

Note: This does not run as root and does not scan container images. 

## Expected Workflow:

This tool is best utilized as a Log4j vulnerability identification and remediation tool. This is intended to be used across your entire fleet of hosts to triage and remediate Log4j vulnerabilities. If you were to begin running this tool and encounter a Log4j vulnerability you should continuously use this tool after your remediation efforts to track your progress on the JupiterOne platform. This enables you and stakeholders alike to visually see the progress you're making in eliminating Log4j vulnerabilities in your stack. 

Step 1:

Deploy this software to your hosts.

Step 2:

Automate the monitoring of your hosts by creating a CRON job that runs every hour.

`0 * * * * /path/to/scan-for-log4j.sh`

or

`0 * * * * docker run -v /target/file/path:/scan -e J1_ACCOUNT="$J1_ACCOUNT" -e J1_ACCESS_TOKEN="$J1_ACCESS_TOKEN" --rm jupiterone/ingest-log4j-vulns`

Step 3:



[1]: https://github.com/ossie-git/log4shell_sentinel
[2]: https://github.com/ossie-git/log4shell_sentinel/releases/tag/v1.0.0

Commit message:

Update README with expected workflow

ingest-log4j-vulns/README.md, after:

# JupiterOne - Script to Ingest Log4J Vulnerabilities

This automation example ingests the output of [log4shell_sentinel][1], a
cross-platform tool that scans local filesystems and emits CSV output. This
ingestion script is intended for distribution/deployment to all hosts in your
environment that you would like to scan and remediate for log4j vulnerabilities.

## Dependencies / Installation

You will need to:
1. Clone this repo, containing the shell and Node scripts in this example
2. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
3. Install an [OS/arch-appropriate binary of log4shell_sentinel][2] on each target
host.

The ingestion script assumes `log4shell_sentinel` is available locally, and is
in your system's `$PATH`.

You will need to export the following ENV vars for ingestion:

* `J1_ACCOUNT`
* `J1_ACCESS_TOKEN`

## Usage

`sudo ./scan-for-log4j.sh`  - by default, scan the entire filesystem, including container images (recommended)

`./scan-for-log4j.sh ./some/target/path`  - scan only target path, additionally do not use superuser privs

### Usage with Docker

`docker run -v /target/file/path:/scan -e J1_ACCOUNT="$J1_ACCOUNT" -e J1_ACCESS_TOKEN="$J1_ACCESS_TOKEN" -e HOST_IDENTIFIER="$(hostname)" --rm jupiterone/ingest-log4j-vulns`

Use `-v /:/scan` to scan the entire filesystem (recommended).

NOTES: 
* This does not run as root and does not scan container images. 
* The `HOST_IDENTIFIER` env var is needed since this information is not available inside the running Docker container.
* If desired, you may also specify `-e HOST_IP="some.ip.addr"` to provide the outer hosts' IP address.

## Expected Workflow:

The following suggested workflow can be used to identify and remediate Log4j
vulnerabilities across your entire fleet of hosts.

Step 1: Deployment

Deploy this software to your hosts via MDM, Ansible, Chef, etc.

Step 2: Scanning

Periodically scan your hosts by creating a CRON job that runs every hour.

`0 * * * * /path/to/scan-for-log4j.sh`

or

`0 * * * * docker run -v /target/file/path:/scan -e J1_ACCOUNT="$J1_ACCOUNT" -e J1_ACCESS_TOKEN="$J1_ACCESS_TOKEN" --rm jupiterone/ingest-log4j-vulns`

Step 3: Monitoring in JupiterOne

Issue queries like the following:

* `Find log4j_vulnerability as v ORDER BY v._createdOn ASC` - vulnerable hosts, oldest findings first
* `Find log4j_vulnerability as v return v.hostname, count(v) as vulns ORDER BY vulns DESC` - show vulnerable hosts, rank ordered by number of vulnerabilities

Step 4: Remediate Hosts

As you work to remediate hosts, the above query results will automatically return fewer results over time as these hosts' passing scans report in.



[1]: https://github.com/ossie-git/log4shell_sentinel
[2]: https://github.com/ossie-git/log4shell_sentinel/releases/tag/v1.0.0
